well howdy they're headed up people it's
Bo again so I got a question that I feel
like I have to answer the question goes
something to the effect of Bo I'm a
heterosexual man I was on the street the
other day and I saw a woman in a skirt
turned and checked her out and realized
dunt dunt she's trans am i gay now if
you're the person that sent this you're
probably saying well I he might be
talking about my message but that's not
how I said it you're right it's not stop
calling them that they have enough
people in the world who want to hurt
them simply for being them they don't
need society a large adopting
terminology that reinforces the idea
that they have somehow trapped you and
changed your sexuality and damaged your
your masculinity you hear about this all
the time where a guy whistles at some
woman walking down the street then finds
out she's trans and then beats her to
death stop with this that that's that's
not that is not good terminology because
it reinforces the very question you're
asking in that question I'm a
heterosexual man and I was briefly
attracted to a person I believed what
was a biological woman am i gay no no of
course not of course not I'm gonna take
this a step further I think we've all
seen photos of inanimate objects that
appeared to be part of one whether it be
apples or a lamp that looked like legs
because the way the lighting was or
whatever when you saw that photo and you
were like those are nice legs and then
you found out it was a lamp did you
question whether or not you were really
attracted to
of course not because that's not how
this works
that's not how this works in fact to
take this yet another step further I
would suggest that being this concerned
about your sexuality is probably a
better indication that you are in fact
gay then being briefly attracted to a
trans woman I have known a lot of guys
in my life who have done that you know
hey she's cute I hate a second oh well
at no point were they like am i gay
because they're not and they're secure
in that that question arises only if
you're not and I'll even take this
another step further you may even know
she's trans and still be attracted to
her
that still doesn't necessarily mean
you're gay now that topic is probably
better left to somebody who is better
equipped to handle the inevitable
comment section that would arise from
that but yeah even that doesn't
necessarily mean that you're gay and
then there's the underlying statement
and all of this is that somehow being
gay is bad it's not it's not
it is 2019 it is 2019 well nobody who
matters cares okay because nobody who
cares it matters nobody do you just be
you live your life live your life and
and let go of all of this I mean maybe
maybe you are gay maybe you are who
cares okay it's not it is not the end of
your life it doesn't mean that you're
not masculine it doesn't mean anything
that this question kind of kind of
infers just be you you know and I know
if you are from a very traditional
upbringing you're like well that's weird
who cares it is 2019 embrace the weird
okay just live your life anyway it's
just a fault y'all have a good night